README.md, before:

# angular-rant


## I hate Angular.


I think Angular is the worst framework out there. It is so strange to me that there are so many people using it. There are people that truly love it?! Wtf? Really? This piece of shit?

I have worked with Vue 2.x and 3.x, Svelte 3.x, React 15.x and 16.x, AngularJS, Andgular 12.x and 13.x, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, and more, so I had an opportunity to compare it.

When I work on Angular app it feels like somebody tied your right arm to you left leg. You always wrestle with the thing. On other projects developers talk mostly about some interesting technicalities, about the designs of app parts and systems, but on angular projects, devs talk mostly about the stupid framework.


## "Angular Framework is a very powerful tool for enterprise apps"
Yeah, right. Too me, it's just a big pile of crap. Enterprise apps - my ass! It's just an excuse to have this unnecessary large and unflexible lump of code. Like, with jQuery nobody did an enterprise app. It's just not possible.


## "Angular is a framework, it's not a library like React"
This usually comes from Angular fanboys who want their favorite framework to look superior to others. As if they made the shit.
So what? Is it like easier to develop apps in Angular because of it? No. You just have more shit, unneccessary shit in the package. And you cannot change it. You must stick with Angular's services for this and that. And learn them. And love them. Sometimes it looks like Stockholm syndrome to me. The people start with the Angular, they sense that something is off, but they convince themselves that the problem must be with them, because this is one of the most popular frameworks. Yeah, if you are stupid.

On the other hand, is it hard to add everything necessary for the regular app in React (or Vue, Svelte)? No. It's the same effort.


## "Angular way"
It's so strange when people believe that Angular is the best framework out there. They just fool themselves because they have invested so much time in learning the stupid thing that now is too late to change it, it's better to just stick with it.
Something I hate the most is when you ask them some logical question from the code design perspective "why we don't do this in this way", they become confused, don't have any logical explanation, so the answer is "no, it's not an angular way". Like "angular way" is the ultimate excuse to make shitload of shit code.


## RxJS
Wow. Cool thing. 99% unnecessary. 99% just being different and more verbose then the simple promise. Let's make everything a fucking observable with no reason. Let's be consistent and use it all the way. Let's subscribe to everything and think about when we want to unsubscribe and about all the operators and shit. "Hey, but there is an async pipe!". Yeah, let's just think how much of shit is running there in that pipe for no fucking reason. Just use the damn promises!


## -- Work in Progress --

Commit message:

Adds - module section; Changes - some typos

README.md, after:

# angular-rant


## I hate Angular.


I think Angular is the worst framework out there. It is so strange to me that there are so many people using it. There are people that truly love it?! Wtf? Really? This piece of shit?


### A little of my background
I have worked with Vue 2.x and 3.x, Svelte 3.x, React 15.x and 16.x, AngularJS, Angular 12.x and 13.x, jQuery, jQuery Mobile, built a custom framework with own router and components, and more, so I had an opportunity to compare it.

When I work on Angular app it feels like somebody tied your right arm to you left leg. You always wrestle with the thing. On other projects developers talk mostly about some interesting technicalities, about the various designs of application parts and systems, but on angular projects, devs talk mostly about the stupid framework.


## "Angular Framework is a very powerful tool for enterprise apps"
Yeah, right. Too me, it's just a big pile of crap. Enterprise apps - my ass! It's just an excuse to have this unnecessary large and inflexible lump of code. Like, with jQuery nobody did an enterprise app. It's just not possible. What does enterprise app even mean?


## "Angular is a framework, it's not just a library like React"
This usually comes from Angular fanboys who want their favorite framework to look superior to others. As if they made the shit.
So what? Is it like easier to develop apps in Angular because of it? No. You just have more shit, unnecessary shit in the package. And you cannot change it. You must stick with Angular services for this and that. And learn them. And love them. Sometimes it looks like Stockholm syndrome to me. The people start with the Angular, they sense that something is off, but they convince themselves that the problem must be with them, because this is one of the most popular frameworks. Yeah, if you are stupid.

On the other hand, is it hard to add everything necessary for the regular app in React (or Vue, Svelte)? No. It's the same effort.


## "Angular way"
It's so strange when people believe that Angular is the best framework out there. They just fool themselves because they have invested so much time in learning the stupid thing that now is too late to change it, it's better to just stick with it.
Something I hate the most is when you ask them some logical question from the code design perspective "why we don't do this in this way", they become confused, don't have any logical explanation, so the answer is "no, it's not an angular way". Like "angular way" is the ultimate excuse to make shitload of shit code.


## Module
Every component should be a part of a module. Let's just wrap everything in a module. Wow, it's so modular. Why? Well, it's an angular way!
I have seen "modules" with 200+ lines, just importing, setting providers, declaring... Just BOILERPLATE. `Angular = shit.`


## RxJS
Wow. Cool thing. 99% unnecessary. 99% just being different and more verbose than the simple promise. Let's make everything a fucking observable with no reason. Let's be consistent and use it all the way. Let's subscribe to everything and think about when we want to unsubscribe and about all the operators and shit. "Hey, but there is an async pipe!". Yeah, let's just think how much of shit is running there in that pipe for no fucking reason. Just use the damn promises!


## -- Work in Progress --
